#summary Use Case TODO page outlining work to be done
See SRS for complete Use Case descriptions

=Allocation=
 * Nicholas
  * {2, 3, 4, 5} - focus on validation and database manipulation
 * Sean
  * {~~1~~,16} - user authentication and administration
  * {2, 5, 13} - focus on email functionality
  * {7} - random passwords, email, database manipulation, validation
  * {8, 9, 10} - database manipulation, validation
  * {23} - email functionality, upload functionality, validation
  * {27, 28, 29} - database manipulation, validation
  * {~~30~~} - report generation
 * Xing
  * {10, 11} - database manipulation, file-system manipulation, validation
  * {25, 26} - database manipulation, report generation, validation
 * Jane
  * {~~13, 14, 15, 17, 18, 19, 20, 21~~, 23, 24} - focus on validation and form design
 * Justin
  * {~~6~~} - database manipulation, validation
  * {12} - database manipulation, validation
  * {~~14, 17, 22~~, 23} - map functionality
  * {~~22~~} - note the data security requirements

=Tickets=
 # Use Case 2: Are bulk uploads validated? *They should be.*
 # Use Case 3: Error file? *Rows with errors should get sent to another file.*
 # _*Closed*_.Use Case 4: Be sure only labs can modify and view directly. 
 # _*Closed*_.Use Case 4: EOs view through reports only.
 # _*Closed*_.Use Case 5: Labs`<`--`>`Contractors should be a many to many relationship.
 # _*Closed*_.Use Case 5: Can EOs see contractor details? *They should.*
 # _*Closed*_.Use Case 8: "Sampler" vs. "Sample"? *Should be "sampler".*
 # _*Closed*_. Use Case 9: Can admins update laboratories? *They should.* 
 # Use Case 10, 11: BLOB vs FILE?
 # Use Case 13: Send email confirmation on password change? *It should.*
 # Use Case 13: There should also be a minimum password length.
 # _*Closed*_.Use Case 14: License number NOT NULL? *It can be NULL. *
 # _*Closed*_.Use Case 14: Need to be able to add samplers via map. 
 # Use Case 15: Maybe have polygon data associated with water bodies? *If there's time.*
 # _*Closed*_. Use Case 16: Can admins update contractors? *They should.* 
 # _*Closed*_.Use Case 17: Sampler location can be updated via map. 
 # _*Closed*_.Use Case 19: Must labs have at least one sampler associated with them? *No, it's OK to have a lab with no samplers.*
 # Use Case 19: Note the update condition (sampler can move between contractors). *No idea why I wrote this condition, should be removed.(Jane)*
 # _*Closed*_.Use Case 19: Note there is a confirmation before submission. *I'll add this. (Jane)*
 # Use Case 20: Sampling frequency form same as "update sampler"? *Should be separate forms.  In our last meeting it was going to be one form, have you changed your mind?  It will be easier as a separate form. (Jane)*
 # Use Case 23: Note the various users and their different uses.
 # NaN is visible on spreadsheets and reports but represents NULL in database. "<X.XXX" or ">X.XXX" is for out of range numbers.
 # Need to change SRS Sample Reports?
 # _*Closed*_. Project plan needs dev tools update. 
 # _*Closed*_. Project plan SOW should have days > 6 translated to weeks.
 # Think of other specific functionality to help user experience, minimize validation errors, etc.
 # Who can view pictures/video? *Only Contractors and EOs should*
 # Change project plan to reflect the minutes are done by Nicholas.
 # Page transitions (successView, cancelView, etc)